                                                     भारतीय प्रबंध संस्थान रोहतक
                                Indian Institute of Management Rohtak
                                                  प्रबंधन शहर एनएच-10 दक्षिणी बाईपास, सुनाररया,
                                               Management City NH-10 Southern Bypass, Sunaria,
                                                                 रोहतक-124010, हररयाणा, भारत
                                                                Rohtak-124010, Haryana, India


                              IPM Batch 08 (Session 2026-31)
                                Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

(1) What degree will be given to the participants of the IPM Programme?

   Participants of the IPM Programme will be given a dual degree. On successful completion of the
   academic rigor of 5 years, the participant will be awarded with Integrated Degree of Bachelor of
   Business Administration (BBA), + (Master of Business Administration) MBA by IIM Rohtak.

         •    The student will be promoted to the MBA programme in the 4th year on successfully
              completing the minimum academic requirements of the BBA programme.
         •    If any student intends to exit after successfully completing the programme requirement
              at the end of 3 years, he/she will be awarded a degree of Bachelor of Business
              Administration (BBA).

(2) What are the minimum eligibility criteria for applying for the IPM programme?

Candidates must satisfy the following criteria to apply for this programme:

  (i)        Minimum 60% (55 % for SC, ST & DAP) in standard X/ SSC and standard XII/ HSC or
             equivalent examinations.
  (ii)       Maximum 20 years (25 years for SC & ST category) of age as of June 30, 2026

Note 1: Candidates who are likely to complete standard XII/ HSC or equivalent by the end of June
2026 can also apply, subject to meeting the minimum eligibility criteria after the declaration of results
(only in the case of XIIth standard) as mentioned above. If selected, such candidates will be offered
provisional admission to the programme. At the time of registration for the programme, such
candidates must produce X and XII standard mark sheets (securing minimum marks i.e. 60% for
General, EWS, and NC-OBC or 55% for SC, ST and DAP) along with school leaving
certificate/migration certificate, failing which the candidate’s admission offer stands cancelled.

Note 2: The percentage of marks obtained by the candidate in X and XII Standard would be calculated
based on the aggregate marks of any best five subjects that appear in the mark sheet/grade sheet,
irrespective of the Board’s regulation. In case the candidates are awarded letter grades or grades points
instead of marks, the conversion of grades to the percentage of marks of any best five subjects would
be based on the procedure certified by the Board/ Competent Authority explaining the method of
conversion from where they have obtained the certificate.




                                                                                             Page 1 of 3
(3) Which subjects should be considered while calculating the aggregate marks of the best five
    subjects?

   The candidate can consider any best five subjects on the mark sheet to calculate the aggregate
   marks.

(4) How many subjects are to be considered in case the number of subjects mentioned on the
    mark sheet is less than five?

   In such cases, the candidate can calculate their percentage marks based on the procedure certified
   by the Board/ Competent Authority, explaining the method of conversion from where they have
   obtained the certificate/mark sheet.

(5) What is the selection process for admission to the programme?

    (a) Interested applicants fulfilling the minimum eligibility criteria as given on the Institute's
    website may fill out the online registration form.
    (b) All the registered applicants will undergo IIM Rohtak's IPM Aptitude Test (IPM AT), which
    will examine the applicants' aptitude, logical reasoning, and proficiency in English.

   IPM Online Aptitude test will be conducted at the following (tentative) test centres*:
   Ahmedabad, Ajmer, Ambala, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Chennai, Roorkee, Faridabad,
   Ghaziabad, Guwahati, Gwalior, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kanpur, Kolkata, Kozhikode,
   Lucknow, Mohali, Mumbai, Nagpur, Nashik, Delhi, Patna, Pune, Bhilai, Ranchi, Sikar,
   Thiruvananthapuram, Varanasi, Baddi and Visakhapatnam.
   * Test Centres allocation will be subject to availability.


   IPM Aptitude Test will comprise of following sections:

                 Section              Number of Questions               Time Duration

           Quantitative Ability                  40
           Logical Reasoning                     40                       120 minutes
             Verbal Ability                      40

      Note: Each question will carry 4 marks. There will be a negative marking of 1 mark for each
      wrong answer. All the questions will be multiple-choice questions.

        ❖ In case the candidate also selects the Integrated Programme in Law (IPL) option while
          registering for IPM AT 2026, such candidates will also appear for legal reasoning as
            following:
              Section             Number of Questions          Time Duration for this section

          Legal Reasoning                   20                            20 minutes

        Note: Each question will carry 4 marks. There will be a negative marking of 1 mark for
        each wrong answer. All the questions will be multiple-choice questions.

      Note: Each question will carry 4 marks. There will be a negative marking of 1 mark for each
      wrong answer. All the questions will be multiple-choice questions.

                                                                                          Page 2 of 3
        (i) No mark will be awarded or deducted for not attempting a question.
        (ii) There shall not be any sectional cut-off for the Aptitude Test.

 (c) Shortlisted candidates based on their application form (fulfilling the eligibility criteria as given on
 the Institute's website) and aptitude test results will be called for the Personal Interview (PI).
 (d) In the PI round, candidates will be evaluated based on their academics, general awareness, and
 communication skills.

The merit list will be generated based on the composite score of the following components:


                          Component (s)                                      Weightage (%)

           Aptitude Test Score 2026 (IPMAT)                                          55

           Personal Interview (PI)                                                   15

           Past Academics (Xth /SSC) or Equivalent Examination                       10

           Past Academics (XII/HSC) or Equivalent Examination                        20

                               Total                                                100


 (6) Can International Applicants apply for this programme?

    Yes, International Applicants can also apply for this programme, provided they satisfy the
    minimum eligibility criteria as mentioned above.

 (7) What is the application procedure for International Student?

      Application Procedure for International Students remains the same as for Domestic Students.
      The students will have to appear for IPM AT 2026.

 (8) What is the process if a candidate fills incorrect details?

      The candidate cannot edit the filled details once the form is submitted. Kindly verify all the filled
      details once again before submitting the form.

CONTACT DETAILS:
     IPM Admission Office
     Office of Controller of Examinations
     Indian Institute of Management Rohtak
     Management City, Southern Bypass, NH 10,
     Sunaria, Rohtak, 124010 (Haryana), India
      Contact No: +91-1262-228541
     Email: ipmadmission@iimrohtak.ac.in
     Website: www.iimrohtak.ac.in




                                                                                                Page 3 of 3
